

The Keyrus Group is providing major international companies as well as mid-market companies in Belgium with innovative solutions as there are Customer Intimacy, Sales & Marketing Campaign Effectiveness, Behavioural Targeting, Social Analytics, Data Monetization, etc. The strategic challenges for our customers, in the context of digital business transformation, include the multiplication of the communication channels and the changes in customer behaviour associated with an explosion in the amount of information available. These put a burden on Strategy, Marketing & Sales departments.

Keyrus is addressing customer’s issues through unique solutions combining business and technology components, relying on Data Scientists and Big Data technologies.

As a Data Scientist, you will need a combination of business focus, strong analytical and problem solving skills as well as programming experience to be able to analyse large data sets of information with the appropriate tools and techniques in order to deliver insightful and actionable information in an impactful manner.

Your main mission will consist of working with our customers and understanding their business context.

This unique role will engage you with the business by addressing strategic and tactical questions through the use of data analytics and data visualization techniques, including pattern detection, graph analysis or statistical analysis. You’ll be challenged to propose innovative ways of addressing problems with alternative options and creative and workable solutions. You will also use the new visualisation tools to present your validated findings in a clear and precise manner to non-technical people.

You will be exposed to different sectors and company functions. You will work most of the time at client sites in Belgium, occasional travelling abroad is possible.
Profile

    Master or PhD in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Operations Research or any related field
    A minimum of 3 years of working experience as a data scientist or in analytics
    Passionate about data and/or statistical analysis, with mathematics and causal modelling skills
    Strong programming skills such as Java and/or PythonKnowledge of statistical modelling and data mining is requiredKnowledge of statistical tools such SAS, R, Matlab, … is required
    Knowledge of machine learning, Hadoop or other Big Data frameworks is a plus
    At ease in manipulating and analysing complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data
    Excellent communication and interpersonal skills: you have the ability to communicate results clearly to non-technical colleagues
    Strong analytical competencies and excellent creative problem-solving skills
    Experience in Data Visualisation (knowledge of Business Intelligence Reporting & Analysis tools)
    Overall knowledge of Business Intelligence is an asset
    Fluent in Dutch and/or French and English

